Implementation of the Rarimo Proof of Humanity Collab.land Discord Action integration service (#1)
rarimo/collabland-rarimo-poh-action: README.md

<div align="center"><h1><b>Rarimo Proof of Humanity Collab.Land Action</b></h1></div>

> This repo implements an [Collab.Land] action to add `/verify` command to your Discord server and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo implements an [Collab.Land] action that adds `/verify` command to your Discord server and
```
